Welcome, in this video, I'm going to make a few more tweaks to the
"update-readme" branch, synchronize those back to my local version,
then synchronize all my changes to tracking branches locally,
and then walk through the process of merging locally
then deleting the branch both locally and remotely from the command line.
Alright, let's get started, I'm starting out in my "website" GitHub repository.
let's switch to the "update-readme" branch;
we just pushed up here, so we should have the latest greatest version of it here.
I'm going to make a quick tweak to this file, and then commit my changes:
"Commit changes". Great, we have one more edit on our "update-readme" branch.
Now, let's switch back over to our terminal; I'm on my "website" Git repository
on the local system, and I'm still in the "update-readme" branch.
It's super easy to just do a "git pull" and get the latest greatest
of the updates on GitHub, but I want to show you another option.
Eventually, we're going to be merging with master,
so I'm going to go ahead and check out to there first.
Now, I'm on the master branch, and if I do a "git pull" here, without specifying anything else,
I will pull from master on GitHub, not from the other branch.
If I show you the configuration, "git config --global -e",
at the bottom I have my push option with the "default = simple".
And that simply means that whatever branch I'm currently on,
only push and pull that particular branch;
however if I want to override that, I can use an option when I do a "pull".
If I do a "git pull --all", even though I'm currently on the master branch,
Git will update all tracking branches at the same time;
so master to master and then my "update-readme" to "update-readme".
Alright, let's integrate our changes "git merge"
and then the branch name we want to merge in, "update-readme".
Alright, we've integrated those changes,
and it was such an easy merge we did a fast-forward,
which means we just assumed that we made the commits directly on master.
At least, from a history standpoint, that's what it's going to appear to be.
So now we have a few commits that are ahead of 'origin/master',
so let's push up those changes. Again, just do a "git push",
and it's going to work with our current branch, which is master,
so it just pushed up our local master to remote master.
Great, now that we've integrated the changes, we no longer need
the "update-readme" branch, so let's delete it.
Ok, great, that branch has been deleted, and our local version of that branch is gone,
but we still have the remote; and, if we switch back over to GitHub,
do a quick refresh, it's still listed up here as a recent branch
and, if I drop down, it's still listed here as well.
I could go into branches and delete it, but let's do it from the command line.
To delete a remote branch from the command line, type "git push";
and then the name of the remote to use, which in our case is "origin",
which references our GitHub repository; space;
and in the syntax we start the name of the branch with a colon,
doing so is telling Git to delete whatever the name is of the branch after the colon.
Alright let's do that. Great, when we did that, Git responded,
saying that it deleted the "update-readme" which is on GitHub.
Let's go check it out. It instantly updated the little notification we had about
recent branches; that's gone completely, and if I reload this page,
do a quick dropdown, that other branch has been removed.
And, we are down to a single branch, which, of course, is master.
Let's return to our terminal, and lets' check out all of our branch references.
Using the command line, like we just did, to remove our remote branch
Git automatically updated our references as well.
So, we don't need to do the "git fetch" with the prune option.